problem. It is widely spread from very familiar student reports to novels and worldwide academic papers. In this paper, we deal with plagiarism in student reports, and explain the plagiarism patterns often found there. Then we propose a method to detect them efficiently and accurately. This method is based on the way of making two texts to be compared with into one-dimension string respectively, repeating shift and mutual comparison, and checking the matching section of words. This method can
accurately detect perfect matches of any size, regardless of its placement in the text. To this basic detection method, we combine some heuristics which are estimation of detection possibility and compression of strings, to improve both detection accuracy of the plagiarism sections and the reduction of calculation time, and propose it as a plagiarism detection method.This method has only one parameter for plagiarism judgement, and it is also intuitive and easy to set.
The spread of communication means, including the Internet, has made it possible to browse many texts at any time and place. In addition, it is possible to easily steal other people's sentences or phrases without permission since copy and paste is a standard function of PCs.􀀃At the same time, the guilt of plagiarism is also decreasing due to its simplicity. As you know, this plagiarism has spread widely from familiar student reports [1] to novels and global academic papers, and is becoming a social problem. This paper focuses on student reports among these plagiarism issues. Some students often plagiarize from reports written on similar reporting assignment in the past. Therefore, the brute force calculation of past and present reports is necessary to find plagiarism. In addition, it is obvious that visual inspections will be impossible because the past reports increase year by year, and also the number of students who submit the reports is many. On the other hand, considering that students are taking same lectures and being given same reporting assignment,they may use many similar words even if they don't plagiarize from others on purpose. That is, there is a feature that it is difficult to determine whether it is plagiarism only by extracting and comparing sharing words. In consideration of these situations, this paper aims to provide a method to detect student report specific plagiarism with high accuracy and efficiency. In this paper, we first define about "plagiarism" which is to be detected. Basically, that has obvious copy andpaste traces.Next, we will explain plagiarism patterns commonly found in student reports. There are various patterns of plagiarism from highly malicious ones such as a complete copy, to small parts plagiarism and the like.Next, we propose a method for detecting plagiarized sections to deal with these various plagiarism patterns. The proposed method is composed of a simple string matching method and some heuristics to support it. These heuristics enable to improve detection accuracy and reducing calculation time. Finally, we show the effect of the proposed method, especially the effect of heuristics, using real data.